Elementary sorcery.
Fire soul arrow.
Soul arrows inflict magic damage, making them
effective against iron armor, tough scales,
and other physically resilient materials.
Sorcery which improves upon Soul Arrow.
Fire strong soul arrow.
At the Vinheim Dragon School,
the acquisition of this spell marks an
apprentice's coronation as a sorcerer.
Soul sorcery emphasizing power.
Fire heavy soul arrow.
A more powerful, but also slower sorcery.
Difficult to use due to a long cool down and
a limitation on the number of castings.
Sorcery which improves upon Heavy Soul Arrow.
Fire strong heavy soul arrow.
As difficult to use as Heavy Soul Arrow,
but powerful enough to make it well worth it.
Adored by certain sorcerers.
Sorcery developed by Big Hat Logan.
Fire homing soulmass.
Life originates in the soul; no wonder the
soulmass draws toward it. This sorcery is a
window into seeker Logan's methods.
Sorcery boosted by the knowledge
Logan acquired at the Regal Archives.
Fire homing crystal soulmass.
The mysteries of souls, crystals, and the
sorceries are deeply intertwined.
Sorcery developed by Big Hat Logan.
Fire piercing soul spear.
A symbol of Logan's strength, the soul spear
is referenced repeatedly in the legends, and
is said to be on par with Lord Gwyn's lightning.
Sorcery boosted by the knowledge
Logan acquired at the Regal Archives.
Fire piercing crystal soul spear.
These pale magic spears, sharpened
through crystallization, are on par with
the armaments of the ancient lords.
Sorcery for casters who wield swords.
Magic augmentation: right weapon.
The power of the magic swordsmen of Vinheim
is predicated upon this and Magic Shield.
Many warriors learn sorcery just for this.
Sorcery which improves upon Magic Weapon.
High magic augmentation: right weapon.
At Vinheim Dragon School, only magic
swordsmen on special orders are allowed
to learn this spell which grants powerful
augmentation to various weapons.
Sorcery boosted by the knowledge
Logan acquired at the Regal Archives.
High magic + crystallization: right weapon.
Logan's trials were successful, and the
crystal medium facilitated a stronger bond
between weapon and soul.
Sorcery for casters who wield swords.
Magic augmentation: left shield.
Shields augmented by magic are resistant to
magic attacks and have higher stability.
This spell makes it possible to challenge
powerful foes with a small shield.
Sorcery which improves upon Magic Shield.
High magic augmentation: left shield.
At Vinheim Dragon School, only magic
swordsmen on special orders are allowed
to learn this spell which grants temporary
strength to greatshields.
Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile.
Turns right weapon invisible.
Not a simple augmentation, making it
dependent on the skill of its caster. 
An example of the capacity of Oolacile
sorceries to control light.
Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile.
Turns body nearly invisible.
Although perfect invisibility is unachievable
due to the risk of dissipation, the caster
need only stand still for a moment to blend
in to environs with astounding camouflage.
Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile.
Cast a bright light upon surroundings.
This light-producing sorcery is elementary
but nonetheless demonstrates the achievements
in mysticism of Oolacile. Such magic has
not been developed even in Vinheim.
Sorcery developed by a certain surreptitious
sorcerer at Vinheim Dragon School.
Masks all noises of caster.
Effectively, Vinheim is controlled by the
Dragon School, and it is no wonder that the
town has its share of dark secrets.
Sorcery used by playful sorcerers.
Lure enemies away by creating a
sound originating in the distance.
This spell is not the first choice for
serious sorcerers, but it has a surprising
amount of applications, some of them
extremely effective.
Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile.
Repair equipped weapons and armor.
This sorcery was a part of everyday life in
Oolacile. Its effects resemble Repair Powder,
which must have found its way into the
culture of this lost land.
Sorcery developed by a certain surreptitious
sorcerer at Vinheim Dragon School.
Reduce damage and noise from fall.
This sorcery, along with Hush, explains the
extravagant cost of hiring Vinheim spooks.
Ancient sorcery of the lost land of Oolacile.
Transform into something inconspicuous.
A separate stealth spell from Hidden Body.
A skilled stealth sorcerer must be aware of
his or her surroundings and of which
objects are prime candidates for imitation.
Sorcery of the red-robed remedician
Ingward, guardian of the seal in New Londo.
Sacrifice humanity to undo curse.
Abhorrent curses eat away at the core of
one's very existence, and cleansing oneself
of curses is no easy task indeed.
Sorcery of the red-robed Yulva,
one of the Sealers of New Londo.
Reduce bleeding and poison build-up,
and undo various poisonous effects.
One of New Londo's unique healing sorceries.
Perhaps she abandoned her Sealer duty to
take her healing arts back to Blighttown.
Sorcery developed by Logan during his
infatuation with Seath the Scaleless.
Emit crystal breath of Seath the Scaleless.
Although it no longer causes curses, what
madness caused old Big Hat to appropriate
this frightful power of the ancient dragons?
Abyss sorcery discovered by an Oolacile
sorcerer on the brink of madness.
Fire giant Dark Orb.
In contrast to standard soul sorceries,
Abyss sorceries are weighty and inflict
physical damage. Perhaps human souls,
because of their humanity, produce
sorceries with more tangible presence.
Abyss sorcery discovered by an Oolacile
sorcerer on the brink of madness.
Fire successive Dark Orbs.
In contrast to standard soul sorceries,
Abyss sorceries are weighty and inflict
physical damage. Perhaps a human soul is
closer to matter in its humanity.
Abyss sorcery discovered by an Oolacile
sorcerer on the brink of madness.
Create a cloud of Dark Fog.
Although Dark Fog is, in theory, relatively
close to humanity, it also happens to be a
terrible poison for humans. Perhaps it
reflects man's cruelty against his own.
Sorcery of Manus, Father of the Abyss.
Grant a fleeting will to the Dark of
humanity, and volley the result.
The will feels envy, or perhaps love,
and despite the inevitably trite and
tragic ending, the will sees no alternative,
and is driven madly toward its target.
Standard pyromancy of the Great Swamp.
Hurl fireball.
The fire damage caused by fireballs makes
them effective against corporeal beasts and
Undead, who by nature fear flame.
Pyromancy which improves upon Fireball.
Hurl fire orb.
The flaming fire orb explodes upon impact,
causing fire splash damage in a spectacle
which seems to symbolize the strength of
the fire-manipulating pyromancers.
Ultimate fireball pyromancy.
Hurl giant fireball.
Salaman the Master Pyromancer, also called
the Great Fireball after this spell, believed
pyromancy was rooted in an adoration of fire.
Those who acquire this spell usually agree.
Primal pyromancy taught by Quelana of Izalith.
Erect fire pillars in vicinity.
The storm of flame is indiscriminate,
and incinerates all nearby life.
Primal pyromancy of Quelana of Izalith.
Erect giant fire pillars in vicinity.
The tempestuous raging flames resemble those
summoned by the Daughters of Chaos when they
challenged the ancient dragons and scorched
the very earth.
Pyromancy foreign to the Great Swamp.
Create a surge of flame from palm of hand.
Not all pyromancy originates in the Great
Swamp. One hears rumors of unknown
pyromancers inhabiting various lands, and
this spell is the work of one such outlander.
Primal pyromancy taught by Quelana of Izalith.
Sweep foes with fire whip.
The root pyromancy of Combustion,
but much more difficult to wield.
Elementary pyromancy.
Create powerful flame in hand.
One of the most basic pyromancies.
For this very reason, the flame thus
created is fierce.
Pyromancy which improves upon Combustion.
Create powerful, giant flame in hand.
Great Combustion creates a powerful flame,
but many sorcerers mock the simplicity of
this spell.
Unique pyromancy crafted by Eingyi,
considered a heretic even at the Great Swamp.
Create poison mist.
Eingyi became an egg-bearing Undead who
serves a deformed young girl who speaks
an unintelligible tongue.
Unique pyromancy crafted by Eingyi,
considered a heretic even at the Great Swamp.
Create intense poison mist.
Why was Eingyi driven from the Great Swamp?
One only need cast this pyromancy, a perverse
diversion from the art of fire, to find out.
Pyromancy foreign to the Great Swamp.
Emit acid which corrodes weapons and armor.
Not all pyromancy originates in the Great
Swamp. One hears rumors of unknown
pyromancers inhabiting various lands, and
this spell is the work of one such outlander.
Pyromancy of Carmina, who harnessed the power
of flame to actualize the inner-self.
Iron flesh boosts defense and resilience.
Use of this pyromancy requires caution,
as the caster becomes exceedingly heavy
and unable to move freely.
Pyromancy of Carmina, who harnessed the power
of flame to actualize the inner-self.
Intense sweating reduces flame damage.
Carmina, the most accomplished pupil of
Salaman the Master Pyromancer, pioneered
new directions for the art of pyromancy.
Advanced pyromancy of Quelana of Izalith.
Charm Undead and gain temporary allies.
The living are lured by flame, and this
relationship is part and parcel to the art of
pyromancy. Can be used by either gender.
Pyromancy of Carmina, who harnessed the power
of flame to actualize the inner-self.
Short strength/endurance boost, but lose HP.
Excessive power eats away the life-force of
its caster, and like all dangerous spells,
Power Within was kept secret for eons.
Art of the Flame of Chaos, which engulfed
the Witch of Izalith and her daughters.
Hurl a giant chaos fireball.
The Flame of Chaos can melt stone,
producing a short-lived lava glob.
Art of the Flame of Chaos, which engulfed
the Witch of Izalith and her daughters.
Erect localized chaos fire pillars.
The Witch of Izalith, in an ambitious attempt
to copy the First Flame, created instead the
Flame of Chaos, a twisted bed of life.
Art of the Flame of Chaos, which engulfed
the Witch of Izalith and her daughters.
Sweep foes with chaos fire whip.
The fire whip was wielded by the
eldest of the Daughters of Chaos.
A pyromancy discovered from
the Dark of the Abyss by a pyromancer
who wandered into Oolacile.
Conjure a great black flame in one's palm.
Black flames are weighty, and inflict
physical damage, enough to smack away
the mightiest of shields.
Elementary miracle cast by clerics.
Restores HP.
To cast a miracle, the caster learns a tale
of the Gods, and says a prayer to be blessed
by its revelations. Heal is the shortest
of such miraculous tales.
Great miracle cast by advanced clerics.
Restores high HP.
Great Heal is a long tale, only learned by a
select few. No caster will be disappointed
by the bountiful life that it yields.
Great miracle cast by advanced clerics.
Restores high HP.
Great Heal Excerpt borrows from only
several verses of Great Heal. As a result,
it can only be cast a stark few times.
Special miracle granted to the maidens
of Gwynevere, Princess of the Sun.
Restores high HP for self and vicinity.
The miracles of Gwynevere, the princess 
cherished by all, grant their blessing to
a great many warriors.
Common miracle amongst cleric knights.
Gradual HP restoration.
Beware of the cleric knight blessed by
Replenishment, for he shall not fall easily.
Special miracle granted to the maidens
of Gwynevere, Princess of the Sun.
Gradual HP restoration for self and vicinity.
The miracles of Gwynevere, the princess 
cherished by all, grant their blessing to
a great many warriors.
Miracle known only by the servants of
the first dead, Gravelord Nito.
Giant Gravelord swords jut out in vicinity.
Nito sleeps deep within the Tomb of Giants,
quietly overseeing all death, and waiting for
his servants to usher in the Eye of Death.
Miracle known only by the servants of
the first dead, Gravelord Nito.
Giant Gravelord swords jut out in vicinity.
Many have died, and many eyes were claimed to
realize the Greatsword Dance, a Gravelord
ritual known only by his closest servants.
Lost miracle, foreign to the Way of White
While active, no losses incurred upon death
The Way of White recognizes death itself,
but admonishes the Undead. It is for this
very reason that this miracle was lost.
Great miracle cast by advanced clerics.
Return to last bonfire rested at.
Would normally link to one's homeland,
only the curse of the Undead has distorted
its power, redirecting casters to a bonfire.
Or perhaps for Undead, this serves as home?
Common miracle amongst cleric knights.
Create shockwave.
This quickly-acting miracle inflicts no
damage, but propels foes back and defends
against arrows. Cleric knights use this
miracle when charging into enemy mobs.
Primal form of Force.
Create powerful shockwave.
Wrath of the Gods was an epic tale that
tattered over time and devolved into the
modern Force. This primal form of Force
emits a shockwave that also inflicts damage.
Outland miracle, foreign to the Way of White.
Emit shockwave.
Considered an alternate branching of Force.
Emits an expanding shockwave orb.
Miracle of clerics on an Undead mission.
Display more guidance from other worlds.
Guidance facilitates communication between
Undead, but their value varies greatly.
A balance of faith and wisdom is required.
Miracle passed down to those bound by
the Warrior of Sunlight covenant.
Hurl lightning spear.
Lightning spears inflict rare lightning
damage, and are very effective against
magic, fire, and most of all, dragons.
Miracle passed down to those bound by
the Warrior of Sunlight covenant.
Hurl giant lightning spear.
The weapon of the God of War, who inherited
the sunlight of Lord Gwyn, but had
respect only for arms, and nothing else.
Miracle born from the fading soul of Gwyn.
Hurl sunlight spear.
In the war that marked the dawn of the Age
of Fire, Gwyn wielded these rays of sunlight,
which remain fierce even as they fade.
Miracle of Bishop Havel the Rock.
Cover body in defensive magic coating.
This coating greatly boosts magic defense,
assisting warriors who must face the magic
which Bishop Havel countered so proficiently.
Miracle of Bishop Havel the Rock.
Cover body in powerful def. magic coating.
Havel the Rock, an old battlefield compatriot
of Lord Gwyn, was the sworn enemy of Seath
the Scaleless. He despised magic, and made
certain to devise means of counteraction.
Miracle of the black-haired witch Velka.
Temporary auto counter vs. heavy damage.
For each sin there is a punishment, and
it is the task of Goddess Velka to define
the sin, and mete out the punishment.
Outland miracle, foreign to the Way of White.
Slows all walking within effect area.
This miracle is normally used to flee, as
it slows walking but does not affect attacks,
but nevertheless defines peace perfectly.
Secret rite of the black-haired witch Velka.
Prevents casting of magic within effect area.
Velka, the Goddess of Sin, is a rogue deity,
but she is versed in arts both new and old,
and is considered to have a great range of
influence even as gods are concerned.
Miracle wielded by Lord Gwyn's firstborn.
Boost right weapon with rays of Sun.
The power of sunlight, manifested as
lightning, is very effective against dragons.
When the eldest son was stripped of his
deific status, he left this on his father's
coffin, perhaps as a final farewell.
Miracle granted to those bound by covenant
to Gwyndolin, Lord Gwyn's lastborn.
Boost right weapon with rays of Darkmoon.
The power of the rays of the Darkmoon are
manifested in vengeance, and the deeper the
animus, the more devastating the attack.