

This standard small dagger has only a modest

attack but can be jabbed in rapid succession,

and is effective in critical hits such as

after a parry or when stabbing in the back.

With both slash and thrust attacks, this

dagger is useful in various situations.



This dagger is useful after parrying and is

normally equipped in the left hand.



A favorite of the knights of Carim, who are

famous for fighting without a shield.



The ghosts of New Londo clutch this wickedly

sharp dagger with their bony hands and make

mincemeat of the living.



One of the cursed weapons which can inflict

damage upon ghosts.







This wide single-edged shortsword is

the favorite of lowly thieves and bandits.



Primarily a slicing weapon, but highly

effective when used for critical hits,

such as after parrying or from behind.



This sword, one of the rare dragon weapons,

came from the tail of Priscilla, the Dragon

Crossbreed in the painted world of Ariamis.

Possessing the power of lifehunt, it dances

about when wielded, in a fashion reminiscent

of the white-robed painting guardians.



This small straight sword is widely used,

to an extent only matched by the longsword.



An accessible sword which inflicts consistent

regular damage and high thrust damage, making

it applicable to a variety of situations.



Widely-used standard straight sword, only

matched in ubiquity by the shortsword.



An accessible sword which inflicts consistent

regular damage and high slash damage, making

it applicable to a variety of situations.



The wide blade of this straight sword

emphasizes slicing and has no thrust attack.



The horizontal sweeping motion makes this

sword effective against multiple enemies.



Half of the blade of this straight sword is

broken off.



Only the completely Hollowed would even

consider using this as a weapon.



The knights of the ancient kingdom of Balder

wielded these rock-solid, long swords which

are excellent for thrust attacks.

Balder was the home of Knight King Rendal,

but the kingdom was reduced to ruins after

a widespread outbreak of Undead.



A fully crystallized straight sword.

How such a weapon was created

is entirely unknown.

The crystallization boosts its attack, but

makes the blade brittle. The sword cannot be

used for long, as it cannot be repaired.



This standard longsword, belonging to Solaire

of Astora, is of high quality, is well-

forged, and has been kept in good repair.



Easy-to-use and dependable, but unlikely to

live up to its grandiose name.





The choice weapon of the infamous Darkwraith

Kirk, also known as the Knight of Thorns for

the gnarly spikes on his favorite weapon.



This frightful sword deals only thrust

attacks, and causes heavy bleeding.



The silver knights of Anor Londo guard the

city using this beautifully slender weapon.



Its chain attacks, in which the wielder takes

great advancing steps and makes use of his

bodyweight, are deadly even in single hits.



Straight sword of an unknown knight,

likely one of Astora's superiors.



High-quality weapon with a powerful blessing.



The sword of the knights of the Four Kings of

New Londo. Its blade is wide and thick, and

it is wielded in an unusual manner.

When the Four Kings were seduced by evil,

their knights became Darkwraiths, servants

of the Dark who wielded these darkswords.







This sword, one of the rare dragon weapons,

is formed by a drake's tail. Drakes are

seen as undeveloped imitators of the dragons,

but in they are likely their distant kin.

The sword is imbued with a mystical power,

to be released when held with both hands.



The hilt of this lost sword was found

discarded in the Undead Asylum.



Only slightly better than one's bare hands,

and not recommended for extensive use.

Be certain to find a replacement quickly.



This standard greatsword is normally wielded

with two hands due to its great weight.



Usually swung in large arcs and effective

against multiple foes. Far from ideal when

fighting in tight quarters.



This larger type of greatsword is normally

wielded with two hands due to its weight.



This highly flexible greatsword can be used

to attack in swings or thrusts.



This single-bladed blood-stained greatsword

is the choice weapon of the slithering 

serpent men of Sen's Fortress.



An ordinary human will have great difficulty

swinging this heavy beast effectively.



This greatsword with an undulating blade is

the choice weapon of the slithering serpent

men of Sen's Fortress.



This weapon is designed to flay the skin and

causes heavy bleeding.





A fully crystallized greatsword.

How such a weapon was created

is entirely unknown.

The crystallization boosts its attack, but

makes the blade brittle. The sword cannot be

used for long, as it cannot be repaired.



The stone knights who guard the Darkroot

Garden wield this moss-covered greatsword.



The same magic which created the stone

knights is imbued in the sword. Unleash this

power by wielding the sword with two hands.



Sword born from the soul of the great grey

wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the

Abysswalker Knight Artorias.



Sir Artorias hunted the Darkwraiths, and his

sword strikes harder against dark servants.



Greatsword born from the soul of Gwyn,

Lord of Cinder. As bearer of the ultimate

soul, Gwyn wielded the bolts of the sun,

but before linking the fire, divided that

power amongst his children, and set off with

only this greatsword as his companion.



This sword, one of the rare dragon weapons,

came from the tail of Seath the Scaleless,

the pale white dragon who betrayed his own.

Seath is the grandfather of sorcery, and this

sword is imbued with his magic, which shall

be unleashed as a wave of moonlight.



Greatsword of the black knights who wander

Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.



The large motion that puts the weight of the

body into the attack reflects the great size

of their adversaries long ago.





Sword born from the soul of the great grey

wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the

Abysswalker Knight Artorias.

The sword can damage ghosts, as it was

cursed when Artorias joined a covenant

with the creatures of the Abyss.



Sword born from the soul of the great grey

wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the

Abysswalker Knight Artorias.

The sword can damage ghosts, as it was

cursed when Artorias joined a covenant

with the creatures of the Abyss.



Greatsword born from the soul of Gwyn,

Lord of Cinder. As bearer of the ultimate

soul, Gwyn wielded the bolts of the sun,

but before linking the fire, divided that

power amongst his children, and set off with

only this greatsword as his companion.



Greatsword born from the soul of Gwyn,

Lord of Cinder. As bearer of the ultimate

soul, Gwyn wielded the bolts of the sun,

but before linking the fire, divided that

power amongst his children, and set off with

only this greatsword as his companion.



One of the gigantic straight greatswords.



As the name suggests, the Zweihander is held

with two hands, but its wielder must still be

inhumanly strong. It is this great weight

that sends foes flying when hit solidly.



One of the gigantic straight greatswords.



Very few have what it takes to wield this

incredibly heavy, damage-dealing monster.

A favorite of the Knights Berenike, known for

their heavy armor, and Black Iron Tarkus.



The lesser Capra demons use these greatswords

in pairs. The blade is cast iron and hooked.



The sword is imbued with no particular magic,

but for those who have the strength, its

great weight will smash foes mercilessly.



This sword, one of the rare dragon weapons,

came from the tail of the stone dragon of

Ash Lake, descendant of the ancient dragons.



Its great mystical power will be unleashed

when wielded with two hands.



Greatsword of the black knights who wander

Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.



The large motion that puts the weight of the

body into the attack reflects the great size

of their adversaries long ago.







Small curved sword. Each hit inflicts little

damage, but fluid chain attacks are deadly.



The scimitar's sharp slashing attacks are

effective against cloth and flesh, but not

against metal armor or tough scales.









Small curved sword. Each hit inflicts little

damage, but fluid chain attacks are deadly.



The falchion's sharp slashing attacks are

effective against cloth and flesh, but not

against metal armor or tough scales.



Curved sword with sharply curved blade.



Created by Arstor, Earl of Carim.

Requires great skill to wield, but evades

shield defense to sneak in damage.



Jagged blade wielded by New Londo ghosts.

Violent thrust attack.



One of the cursed weapons.

Inflicts damage to ghosts.



Curved sword of Anor Londo painting guards.

Unique shape with flat tip.

The guardians, who strike down those who

dare threaten the paintings, attack in a

continuous, circular dancing motion,

a technique passed down through generations.



A curved sword born from the soul of

Quelaag, daughter of the Witch of Izalith,

who was transformed into a chaos demon.

Like Quelaag's body, the sword features

shells, spikes, and a coating of chaos fire.

Power affected by wielder's humanity.







A curved greatsword used in a

mysterious ancient rite.



Imbued with a frightful occult energy

which restores HP with each hit.



Giant curved sword forged using special

methods in an Eastern land.

This unparalleled weapon cuts like a Katana

but is heavier than a Nata machete.

Requires extreme strength, dexterity,

and stamina to wield.





Sword wielded only by servants of

Gravelord Nito, the first of the dead.

Crafted from the bones of the fallen.



The miasma of death exudes from the sword,

a veritable toxin to any living being.



King's Greatswords



Katana forged in an Eastern land.

Known for its brisk slashing motions.



The Uchigatana cuts beautifully and causes

bleeding, but its blade is easily nicked.

















Katana forged in an Eastern land.

Very unusual specimen with a long blade.



The blade is extremely long,

but as a result, quite easily broken.













Katana forged in an Eastern land.

The Katana is drawn from the scabbard at

lightning speed, using an Iaijutsu technique.



Iaijutsu allows the wielder to charge

forward to swiftly cut down distant foes.





A curved sword born from the soul of

Quelaag, daughter of the Witch of Izalith,

who was transformed into a chaos demon.

This blade inherits only the chaotic nature

of Quelaag, and has a unique speckled design.

Blade wielder erodes along with opponents.



Standard small thrusting sword.

Unsharpened but pointed solid

shaft can pierce tough armor.



Can be thrust using the weight of one's body,

and is very effective for critical attacks.







Standard thrusting sword. Regular one-handed

attack can be delivered with shield held up.

Can parry with use of left hand.



Thrusting attacks pierce and are effective

against foes with hard exteriors, but the

wielder is left open to damage after a swing.





The largest of the thrusting swords.

Can pierce an armored knight in one thrust.



The blade is also sharp,

allowing slicing as well.





A symbolic, powerful thrusting sword used

by the Pardoner serving Velka,

Goddess of Sin.

It is no mere symbol to be sure; the Pardoner

is an inhuman swordsman, and wields this

enchanted blade with special sword technique.



A rapier with intricate decorations. Chosen

weapon of the infamous Undead Prince Ricard.

Ricard's exploits are told in a monomyth.

He was born into royalty, but wandered the

lands in a fateful ill-conceived journey.

He became Undead, and disappeared up North.







Small hand axe. Appears identical to a

lumberjack's tool, but has an ideal weight

and strength, and is easy to handle.

One wrong swing leaves the wielder wide

open, so timing and proximity to the enemy

must be judged carefully.



Standard battle axe. Inflicts regular damage,

making it effective in various situations.

Powerful attack due to its weight, but one

wrong swing leaves the wielder wide open,

so timing and proximity to the enemy must

be judged carefully.



Well-used old bronze battle axe with a

long hilt and a crescent-shaped blade.



One of the blessed weapons of the Way of

White. The Crescent Axe is bequeathed to

cleric warriors who have proven their faith.



Giant butcher knife wielded by the Undead

man-eating cook lurking in the Depths.

More a tool for subduing and preparing live

catches than an actual weapon. Those who

have faced this deadly blade have a deeper

sense of how helpless prey must feel.





An axe born from the soul of the Iron Golem,

guardian of Sen's Fortress who repelled

countless heroes who sought Anor Londo.

Its powerful one-handed attack imitates the

golem's blade of wind, but the heavy iron

blade makes it quite unwieldy.





Sliced tail of the gargoyle guarding the

Bell of Awakening in the Undead Church

or patrolling in Anor Londo.



Can be used as a bronze battle axe.

Bends dramatically during large attacks,

owing to its nature as a tail.



This greataxe is a veritable mass of iron.

Its weight sends foes flying, but makes it

difficult to handle without inhuman strength.



Any miss makes one very vulnerable, as each

swing requires the full force of the body.







Carved from the bones of fellow demons.

Wielded by the lesser Taurus demons.



This axe is imbued with no special power,

but can merrily beat foes to a pulp,

providing you have the strength to wield it.



This axe, one of the rare dragon weapons,

is formed by the tail of the Gaping Dragon,

a distant, deformed descendant of the

everlasting dragons.

The axe is imbued with a mystical power,

to be released when held with both hands.



Greataxe of the black knights who wander

Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.



The large motion that puts the weight of the

body into the attack reflects the great size

of their adversaries long ago.





A simple wooden club.

This simple bladeless strike weapon is

effective against most foes, is easily

handled, and can break the guard of a shield.

However, a single miss makes one wide open,

so timing and proximities are crucial.



Iron hammer with a protrusive pommel.

Standard weapon for clerics.

This simple bladeless strike weapon is

effective against most foes, and can

break the guard of a shield. However,

one miss leaves one wide open.













Hammer with a sharp spike on its pommel.

One of the more barbaric cleric weapons.



Uniquely, this hammer inflicts thrust damage,

and causes bleeding.





Hammer with a large beak-shaped pommel.

Originally a pickaxe; redesigned for battle.



This simple but deadly weapon hits heavily

with thrust damage, such that it easily

cracks metal armor.







Traditionally a mining tool, but the hard

cone on the pommel is effective in battle.



A downward swing of the Pickaxe can crush

stone; a human head would be an afterthought.

















A club with leather nailed to the pommel.

The burg Undead merchant proudly peddles

this club, but its reinforcement is shoddy.

Indeed, its attack is stronger, but the

club is no longer dependably sturdy.







Metal hammer of Andre of Astora,

blacksmith at the Old Church.



Can be used as a strike weapon, but better

left in the hands of its talented owner.





Wooden hammer of the giant blacksmith in

Anor Londo who handles lightning weapons.



The giant blacksmith forges with this wooden

hammer, as it would be hazardous to handle

lightning weapons with metals.



Metal hammer of Vamos, a skeleton blacksmith

deep within the Catacombs who rarely speaks.



Can be used as a strike weapon, but better

left in the hands of its talented owner.







Giant tree branch serves as a wooden club.

Smashes enemies from upside the head.



The leaping attack is a trademark of clubs,

and this giant club is no exception.









A legendary weapon of the Way of White,

granted to an Undead paladin long ago.



This mass of iron can only be lifted by those

with inhuman strength, but it is blessed,

and very effective against agents of Dark.





Demon weapon built from the stone archtrees.

Used by lesser demons at North Undead Asylum.



This hammer is imbued with no special power,

but can merrily beat foes to a pulp,

providing you have the strength to wield it.





Created from an everlasting dragon tooth.

Legendary great hammer of Havel the Rock.



The dragon tooth will never break as it is

harder than stone, and it grants its wielder

resistance to magic and flame.







Large wooden club.



The giant Undead of Blighttown wield these

clubs, which became poisonous from the

influence of their surroundings.





Great hammer from the soul of executioner

Smough, who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo.

Smough loved his work, and ground the bones

of his victims into his own feed, ruining his

hopes of being ranked with the Four Knights.









Great hammer from the soul of executioner

Smough, who guards the cathedral in the forsaken city of Anor Londo.

Smough loved his work, and ground the bones

of his victims into his own feed, ruining his

hopes of being ranked with the Four Knights.







Bare fists



The weapon augments one's bare hands

with thick, studded leather.



The Caestus has a short reach, but quick

cool down. Amount of damage inflicted is

dependent on its wearer's strength.







A weapon formed by three sharp claws.



Attacks cause bleeding, and the wounds

inflicted are not easily mended. Preferred

weapon of the spooks of an Eastern land.



A weapon from the soul of the Iron Golem,

guardian of Sen's Fortress who repelled

countless heroes who sought Anor Londo.

The Gods fused the power of the soul with

the great bones of the dragons, forming an

appropriate core for the giant golem.







The Darkwraiths, incited by Kaathe, use the

power of the dark soul to absorb humanity, an

art shared by this weapon, which also acts as

a special shield. The ancients, particularly,

could sap the humanity of even a replete

saint in the blink of an eye.



Standard spear used commonly by soldiers.

Long reach, and can be used with shield up.

Effective against hard exteriors, and can hit

for high damage at the right moment of an

enemy's swing. But the hit radius is small,

and it is easily blocked by shields.



A long-hilted spear with a barbed point.

Long reach, and can be used with shield up.

Effective against hard exteriors, and hits

for high damage at the right moment of an

enemy's swing. But the hit radius is small,

and it is easily blocked by shields.











Spear with blade attached to broad point.

Boasts long reach, and can slice.



The wide range of this spear makes it

adaptable to many situations. Its strength

lies in its length, but in cramped quarters,

this backfires, and slices ricochet off walls.











Carved from the bones of fellow demons.

Wielded by the slim lesser Batwing demons.



The weapon of these chaos demons wandering

Anor Londo are different from those of other

chaos demons, and are imbued with lightning.



Trident of the Six-eyed Channelers,

sorcerers who serve Seath the Scaleless

in collecting human specimens.

Thrusted in circular motions in a unique

martial arts dance that stirs nearby allies

into a bloodthirsty frenzy.



The silver knights of Anor Londo guard the

city using this beautifully slender weapon.



The spear can be wielded by both hands in a

focused thrust that uses one's body weight,

or swung in a large sweeping motion.







Long spear with a very long red hilt.

Traditionally used by groups of soldiers.

Specially designed for distance thrusting.

Has the longest range of the non-projectile

weapons, but its very length makes it

somewhat difficult to handle.







Cross spear born from the soul of Ornstein, a

Dragonslayer guarding Anor Londo cathedral.

Inflicts lightning damage; effective against

dragons. Two-handed thrust relies on cross

and buries spear deep within a dragon's hide,

and sends human foes flying.







Weapon born from the mystical creature of

the Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly.



The horns of the butterfly, a being created

by Seath, are imbued with a pure magic power.



Weapon born from the mystical creature of

the Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly.



The horns of the butterfly, a being created

by Seath, are imbued with a pure magic power.



Cross spear born from the soul of Ornstein, a

Dragonslayer guarding Anor Londo cathedral.

Inflicts lightning damage; effective against

dragons. Two-handed thrust relies on cross

and buries spear deep within a dragon's hide,

and sends human foes flying.







Long-hilted weapon mixing spear and axe is

difficult to handle, requiring both strength

and dexterity. The Halberd has two elementary

attacks: spear-like thrusting and large

sweeping swings. However, one false swing

and the wielder is left wide open.





Large halberd made of old brass, used by

the giant sentinels of Anor Londo.



Brass contains traces of lightning,

but as the halberd is designed for the giant

sentinels, its weight is unbearable.





Weapon of the titanite demon, a faceless

stone monster born from titanite slab.

One of the enchanted weapons, perhaps from

residual power of the titanite slab.

Known for its leaping attack which comes

smashing down on foes from above.



Halberd of the gargoyle guarding the

Bell of Awakening in the Undead Church.



Perfectly standard bronze halberd

without any special power.





Halberd of the black knights who wander

Lordran. Used to face chaos demons.



The large motion that puts the weight of the

body into the attack reflects the great size

of their adversaries long ago.





Halberd with a large, hard beak-like

protrusion. Inflicts thrust damage.

Instead of thrusting like a spear, the

wielder of the Lucerne aims to club

the head with its hard beak.











Halberd with a large blade.

Scythe adjusted for battle.



Designed especially for slicing. However,

one false swing leaves one wide open.















Weapon with a long curved blade. Converted

from a wheat-harvesting tool.



The magnificent sharp curved blade

instills fear in opponents. Perhaps it is

their survival instinct at work.



Scythe born from the soul of Priscilla, the

stark white crossbreed trapped inside the

Painted World of Ariamis.

Even the Gods feared Priscilla's lifehunt

ability, and in the hands of a mortal, its

power will turn upon its wielder.







Small bow. Standard projectile weapon.

Equip arrows to use.



Hold bow and press <?platmsg@10002?> to aim.

Aim for heads of humanoid foes.

Press <?platmsg@10003?>/<?platmsg@10004?> to change type of arrows.





Large bow. Projectile weapon for experienced

hunters. Equip arrows to use.



Hold bow and press <?platmsg@10002?> to aim.

Aim for heads of humanoid foes.

Press <?platmsg@10003?>/<?platmsg@10004?> to change type of arrows.





The preferred black bow of the heroic

archer Pharis.



Has a longer range than standard bows,

but is more difficult to use. Without proper

abilities, results will be underwhelming.





Bow of the Dragonslayers, led by Hawkeye

Gough, one of Gwyn's Four Knights.



This bow's unusual size requires that it be

anchored to the ground when fired.

Only uses specialized great arrows.





Composite bow emphasizing power.

Requires more strength than standard bows.



However, its range is shorter, making it

unfit for sniping.





Bow born from the soul of the Dark Sun

Gwyndolin, Darkmoon deity who watches over

the abandoned city of Gods, Anor Londo.



This golden bow is imbued with powerful magic

and is most impressive with Moonlight Arrows.





Standard crossbow issued to soldiers.

While bows require both hands, a crossbow is

held in one, but arming each bolt takes time.



Equip bolts to use.

Press <?platmsg@10003?>/<?platmsg@10004?> to change type of bolt.



Powerful large crossbow.

While bows require both hands, a crossbow is

held in one, but arming each bolt takes time.



Equip bolts to use.

Press <?platmsg@10003?>/<?platmsg@10004?> to change type of bolt.



Repeating crossbow cherished by the weapon

craftsman Eidas. Its elaborate design makes

it closer to a work of art than a weapon.

Intricate mechanism makes heavy damage

possible through triple-shot firing of bolts,

but in fact each bolt inflicts less damage.









Large crossbow with long distance used by

Carim snipers. Often used with sniper bolts.



But while crossbows are normally easy to

use, the Sniper Crossbow requires dexterity.





Sorcery catalyst used by sorcerers of

Vinheim Dragon School.



Equip catalyst to use sorceries.

Attune sorceries from a scroll at a bonfire.

Most sorceries have limited no. of uses.



Catalyst belonging to Beatrice, the rogue

witch. Contrasts with Vinheim catalysts.



This ancient catalyst shows signs of being

used for age-old sorceries. It has passed

the hands of many generations to get here.



Catalyst of the banishment sorcerers who

flooded New Londo to seal off away the

Darkwraiths and the Kings who fell to Dark.

In contrast to other catalysts, the metal

catalyst qualifies as a weapon, as it

inflicts physical damage, however small.





Catalyst of Big Hat Logan, the great sorcerer

and seeker of knowledge.

Originally the same catalyst employed by the

Vinheim sorcerers, only terribly strengthened

over time due to Logan's use. Very powerful

when used by one of superior intelligence.





Catalyst born from the soul of the Dark Sun

Gwyndolin, Darkmoon deity who watches over

the abandoned city of Gods, Anor Londo.

Gwyndolin is Gwyn's lastborn and a legitimate

god, but he is also a Moon sorcerer, and this

wand is boosted by faith, not intelligence.













Sorcery catalyst of lost land of Oolacile.

Formed by enchanted whitebark branches.



The whitebark boosts sorcery adjustment,

but the sorceries of this lost land are

gentle and not affected by intelligence.



















Catalyst imbued in terrifying crystal magic.

Used by Logan after his fixation on Seath.



Makes all sorceries incredibly powerful, but

demands extremely high intelligence from its

wielder, and halves sorcery usages.





Demon catalyst formed from Izalith molten

rock. Can be used as fire weapon.

The Demon Firesage was the first demon,

and the last master of the original fire

arts, before the Witch of Izalith was

engulfed by Chaos, creating pyromancy.



Catalyst of the Witch of Izalith of long ago,

when her daughters were still flame witches,

before they were engulfed by the Chaos Flame.

Before the birth of pyromancy, their wands

were mediums for sorcery, but knowledge of

this flame sorcery has long since vanished.











Flame medium used by Great Swamp pyromancers.

Pyromancers arouse this flame to produce

various fire arts.

Equip pyromancer flame to produce pyromancy.

Attune pyromancies from a scroll at bonfire.

Most pyromancies have limited no. of uses.









Flame medium used by Great Swamp pyromancers.

Pyromancers arouse this flame to produce

various fire arts.

Equip pyromancer flame to produce pyromancy.

Attune pyromancies from a scroll at bonfire.

Most pyromancies have limited no. of uses.









Pyromancy flame drawing upon the latent power

of Quelana of Izalith, mother of pyromancy.

For the pyromancer, a flame is a precious

thing indeed, to be nurtured, often for an

entire lifetime. When the flame is shared, it

creates an eternal bond between the parties.



Medium for casting miracles of the Gods.

Standard talisman issued to common believers.



Equip talisman to cast miracles. 

Attune miracles from a scroll at a bonfire.

Most miracles have limited no. of uses.





Medium for casting miracles of the Gods.

Canvas Talisman is for clerics on pilgrimage.



Equip talisman to cast miracles. 

Attune miracles from a scroll at a bonfire.

Most miracles have limited no. of uses.



Medium for casting miracles of the Gods.

This talisman is only granted to high-

ranking Thorolund clerics. Has high

miracle adjustment which, thanks to divine

protection, is not dependent upon faith.





Medium for casting miracles of the Gods.

Ivory Talismans are granted only to female

clerics, and their value is affected

dramatically by their owner's faith.



Dragon Talismans



Medium for casting miracles of the Gods.

The talisman of Solaire of Astora, the Knight

of Sunlight, is decorated with a holy symbol,

illustrated by Solaire himself.

This talisman is a projection of Solaire's

upstanding, unwavering faith.







Medium for casting miracles of the Gods.

Granted to Darkmoon Blade knights, adherents

to the Covenant of the Dark Sun Gwyndolin.

This talisman demands dutiful faith from its

owner, but has very high miracle adjustment.





Medium for casting miracles of the Gods.

This black tuft of hair that serves as a

talisman belongs to Velka, Goddess of Sin.

It casts miracles not by drawing upon

faith, but intelligence.



Skull Lantern of the Catacombs necromancer.

Droops from his long beard locks.



This lantern alights the Tomb of the Giants,

Nito's light-devouring domain of death.

Also serves as a fire damage strike weapon.



Wooden shield.

Decorated with the ancient symbol of

a double-headed eagle, painted yellow.



Wood shields are lighter than metal shields,

but with lower physical damage reduction,

and reduced shield stability.



Vertically elongated wooden shield.

Decorated with a white dragon.



Wood shields are lighter than metal shields,

but with lower physical damage reduction,

and reduced shield stability.



Large, leather-covered round shield.

Choice shield for hunters.



Wood shields are lighter than metal shields,

but with lower physical damage reduction,

and reduced shield stability.



Small, leather-covered round shield,

reinforced in critical spots with metal.



Small shields are always less stable, but

landing critical hits after parry is easier.



Small round metal shield.

Four protrusions used to parry attacks.



Small shields are always less stable, but

landing critical hits after parry is easier.

This shield is specialized for parrying.





Very small round metal shield.

Parry attacks with large center protrusion.



Small shields are always less stable, but

landing critical hits after parry is easier.

This shield is specialized for parrying.











Round wooden shield.

Cracked and nearly broken.



Wood shields are lighter than metal shields,

but this one has lower physical damage

reduction stability, partly due to cracking.



Round leather-covered shield.

A standard, widely-used shield.



Small shields are always less stable, but

landing critical hits after parry is easier.





Makeshift shield built from wood planks.

Provides minimal protection,

but at a cost of moderate humiliation.





Round wooden shield crafted in Lordran.

Decorated by an ancient blue Caduceus.

The giant trees in Lordran are distant

offspring of the great stone archtrees.

This shield inherits their properties,

and the wood greatly reduces magic damage.





Weapon born from the mystical creature of

the Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly.

Imbued with a powerful crystal power, like

the butterfly created by Seath the Scaleless.

Can emit crystal light rings.





Weapon born from the mystical creature of

the Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly.

Imbued with a powerful crystal power, like

the butterfly created by Seath the Scaleless.

Can emit crystal light rings.





Weapon born from the mystical creature of

the Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly.

Imbued with a powerful crystal power, like

the butterfly created by Seath the Scaleless.

Can emit crystal light rings.





Weapon born from the mystical creature of

the Darkroot Garden, the Moonlight Butterfly.

Imbued with a powerful crystal power, like

the butterfly created by Seath the Scaleless.

Can emit crystal light rings.





Small metal shield.

A standard, widely-used shield.



This shield is easy to use, and is one of

the smallest shields that offers

100% physical damage reduction.



This medium metal shield is elegantly

carved and painted.

Although it is thought to have been used by

ancient knights of the nobility, its defense

capabilities are similar to other shields.



Medium metal shield. Decorated with a tower,

the symbol of protection.

A standard, widely-used shield.









Old medium metal shield of unknown origin.

The grass crest is lightly imbued with magic,

which slightly speeds stamina recovery.





Metal shield wielded by Hollow soldiers.

Heavily rusted but sturdy, providing a

strong defense.





Shield of the knights of the ancient kingdom

of Balder. Tweaked for improved stability.

Balder was the home of Knight King Rendal,

but the kingdom was reduced to ruins after

a widespread outbreak of Undead.





Shield of a nameless knight, likely a

high-ranked knight of Astora.



One of the enchanted blue shields.

The Crest Shield greatly reduces

magic damage.





Shield of a nameless knight, likely a

high-ranked knight of Astora.



One of the enchanted blue shields.

The Dragon Crest Shield greatly reduces

fire damage.





Round wooden shield crafted in Lordran.

Decorated with the ancient Labrys axe.

The giant trees in Lordran are distant

offspring of the great stone archtrees.

This shield inherits their properties, 

and the wood reduces magic damage.







Thick iron shield of Shiva of the East.

Heaviest of the standard shields.

Deflects enemy attacks. A famous specimen

from Shiva's collection, but none who have

faced it have lived to tell the tale.



Shield of the savage mountain bandits.

Uniquely-shaped with a large black spider

etched upon it.

Has resistance to poison.





Shield of the infamous Darkwraith Kirk,

Knight of Thorns. Covered with spikes.



Can be used as a weapon.

Sharp spikes cause heavy bleeding.



A fully crystallized straight shield.

How such a weapon was created

is entirely unknown.

The crystallization boosts its defense, but

makes the shield brittle. The shield cannot

be used for long, as it cannot be repaired.







Shield of Solaire of Astora, Knight of

Sunlight. Decorated with a holy symbol,

but Solaire illustrated it himself, and it

has no divine powers of its own. As it turns

out, Solaire's incredible prowess is a product

of his own training, and nothing more.





Shield of the Silver Knights of Anor Londo.

A flowing canal is carved deep into its face.

The Silver Knights stayed behind in Anor

Londo to defend the illusory goddess,

and their shields are blessed with her

divine protection.







Shield of the Black Knights that wander

Lordan. A flowing canal is chiseled deeply

into its face. 

Long ago, the black knights faced the chaos

demons, and were charred black, but their

shields became highly resistant to fire.



Shield of certain knights of Catarina, used

in attacks with a large protrusion in center.



Can be used as a thrust weapon.





Round wooden shield crafted in Lordran

featuring an impressive red and white design.

The giant trees in Lordran are distant

offspring of the great stone archtrees.

This shield inherits their properties, and

the wood greatly reduces magic damage.





Medium metal shield.

Decorated by an ancient blue Caduceus.

A standard, widely-used shield.









Bronze shield of the gargoyle guarding the

Bell of Awakening in the Undead Church.

The gargoyle's skin is tough by itself, and

perhaps its shield may have been a prop,

for it is a rare example of a metal shield

that does not reduce physical damage 100%.













Greatshield with an eagle design. Lightest

and easiest greatshield to handle.



Greatshields are very stable, and deflect

attacks. But one cannot parry, and instead

bashes with the shield.





Metal greatshield. Used by Knight Berenike,

known for his heavy armor. This thick plate

of iron is heavily defensive but ultra heavy.

Greatshields are very stable, and deflect

attacks. However, one cannot parry,

and instead bashes with the shield.







Greatshield made of bronze and marcasite.

Used by giant sentinels of Anor Londo.

Marcasite, or white iron, is effective

against non-physical damage, but as the

shield is designed for the giant sentinels,

its weight is unbearable.



Mossy round greatshield used by the guardian

of the Darkroot Garden, the Stone Knight.

The Stone Knight is a creation of ancient

magic, and this shield is imbued with the

same power, but is also extremely heavy.





Greatshield of the legendary Havel the Rock.

Cut straight from a great slab of stone.

This greatshield is imbued with the magic

of Havel, provides strong defense, and is

incredibly heavy. A true divine heirloom

on par with the Dragon Tooth.





Giant wooden wheel encircled by spikes.

Half-melded to a strange skeleton.



Can be used as a greatshield, only for the

great gaps. But at least the spikes turn into

weapons with a good spin. Strange indeed!



Shield born from the soul of the great grey

wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the

Abysswalker Knight Artorias.

Boasts consistent defense and divine

protection against various status effects.









Shield born from the soul of the great grey

wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the

Abysswalker Knight Artorias.

Boasts consistent defense and divine

protection against various status effects.









Shield born from the soul of the great grey

wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the

Abysswalker Knight Artorias.

Boasts consistent defense and divine

protection against various status effects.









Shield born from the soul of the great grey

wolf Sif, guardian of the grave of the

Abysswalker Knight Artorias.

Boasts consistent defense and divine

protection against various status effects.









Leather whip.

Not intended for battle.



Virtually ineffective against armor and tough

scales, but quite formidable against enemies

with exposed skin.



Whip with sharp spikes.



Only slightly effective against armor and

tough scales, but quite formidable against

enemies with exposed skin.

Also causes heavy bleeding.



Standard arrow.

Arrows must be equipped to be fired.





Large arrow.

Heavier arrows cause more damage,

but have a shorter range.





Red feather arrows of the Lord's hunters.

Their long range makes them effective for

sniping.







Arrows fired with flaming tips.

Inflicts fire damage.



Arrow with point dipped in poison.

Ensures the demise of prey in a hunt,

or the target in an assassination.

Once an enemy is poisoned, one need

only wait.



Arrow granted to those bound by

Covenant to the Dark Sun Gwyndolin,

Lord Gwyn's lastborn.

Moonlight Arrows glow silver,

and inflict magic damage.



Standard arrow.

These arrows do not fly particularly far,

nor do they inflict a terrible amount of

damage, but their cheap cost makes them

useful when volume is required.



Giant dragon-hunting arrows, resembling

iron spears. Used by Hawkeye Gough and

his Dragonslayers, they puncture human

flesh easily. Dragonslayer Arrows can only

be used with the Dragonslayer Greatbow,

and vice-versa. 



Great arrow used by Hawkeye Gough,

one of Lord Gwyn's Four Knights,

for dragon slaying. Requires Greatbow.



Gough personally crafts each stone tip,

and wraps the shaft tightly with tree bark.



Standard crossbow bolt.

Used mainly with the Light Crossbow.



Equip crossbow with a bolt to fire.





Large bolt.

Used mainly with the Heavy Crossbow.



These weighty bolts inflict high damage,

but have reduced range.





Red feather bolts used with the Sniper

Crossbow. Their long range makes them

effective for sniping.







Basic wood bolt.



These bolts do not fly particularly far,

nor do they inflict a terrible amount of

damage, but their cheap cost makes them

useful when volume is required.







Special bolts imbued with lightning, crafted

by the giant blacksmith of Anor Londo.



The giant blacksmith has never seen a

crossbow, but remembers the specifications

of the bolts requested by ancient warriors.







Frightful occult shield. Defends against

divine weapons and lightning.



In an ill-fated plot to destroy the very

gods, the followers of the occult once

attempted to steal the power of

Gravelord Nito, the first of the dead.



A legendary weapon of the Way of White,

granted to an Undead paladin long ago.



Once blessed with the protection of a white

flame, but its power has all but faded, so

that it provides only slight HP recovery.





The bloodshield spoken of in the lost

legends. The red of blood is slightly

enchanted, and boosts various resistances.





Greatshield of the mighty knight Tarkus.



Built of special black iron and even heavier

than Knight Berenike's tower shield.

Especially resistant to fire attacks and

effective for shield bashing.



Curved sword used by the Lord's Blade

Ciaran, one of Lord Gwyn's Four Knights.



Ciaran brandishes her sword in

a mesmerizing dance, etching the

darkness with dire streaks of gold.



A dark silver dagger used by the

Lord's Blade Ciaran, of Gwyn's Four Knights.



The victim is first distracted by dazzling

streaks of the Gold Tracer, then stung by

the vicious poison of this dagger.



This greatsword belonged to Lord Gwyn's

Knight Artorias, who fell to the Abyss.



Swallowed by the Dark with its master, this

sword is tainted by the Abyss, and now its

strength reflects its wielder's humanity.



This greatsword belonged to Lord Gwyn's

Knight Artorias, who fell to the Abyss.



Swallowed by the Dark with its master, this

sword is tainted by the Abyss, and now its

strength reflects its wielder's humanity.



The steel greatshield used by Knight Artorias,

who succumbed to the Abyss.

Artorias, deeply scarred by the Abyss, used

this to form a barrier to protect his

compatriot Sif. Although this drained the

shield, its magic defense remains high.



Greataxe borne by the stone knights

who guard the forest Sanctuary.



This greataxe, requiring inhuman strength to

wield and more fitted to manual labor than

battle, is nevertheless completely lethal.



Four-pronged Plow wielded by the wooden

scarecrows, serfs of the forest Sanctuary.



The scarecrow serfs would not normally use

these four-pronged plows as weapons, but

their sharpness makes them very deadly.



A sorcery catalyst born from the soul of

Manus, Father of the Abyss.

A rough, old wooden catalyst large enough

to be used as a strike weapon.

Similar to the Tin Crystallization Catalyst,

it boosts the strength of sorceries,

but limits the number of castings.



Everyday Oolacile sorcery catalyst

formed by several enchanted branches.



Boosts sorcery adjustment, but lost land

sorceries are not offensive, and attacks

are not boosted by intelligence.



Sliced tail of the Sanctuary Guardian.



This flexible, spiked, and highly

poisonous tail would make a rather

obnoxious weapon.



This greatsword, one of the rare dragon

weapons, is formed by the tail of the

one-eyed black dragon Kalameet,

the last of the ancient dragons.

The mystical power of its obsidian blade

will be released when held with both hands.





Greatbow used by Hawkeye Gough, of Lord

Gwyn's Four Knights, for dragon slaying.



This bow is larger than even those used by

the famed Dragonslayers. Only their leader,

Gough, had the strength to handle it.